README.md, before:

# onething
how to achieve my goal
[the OneThing book club]
notes I make as I read thru the content 
- ideas usecases related talk



# Sunday Made me refocus (7/23
- post my One Thing where very visible to remind me of what my ONE thing is for this month
- What I learned OneThing Podcast:
  - 28% of the day multitasking wasted [According to the British Journal of Health Psychology].  There are distractions everywhere!
  - 225 daily minutes (16% of day) Heavy Phone users use their phone
  - 42% likelyhood of achieve your goals and dreams, simply by writing them down on a regular basis [Dr. Gail Matthews, a psychology professor at the Dominican University in California who studied Art and Science of Goal setting)
  - 3 times more likely to achieve your goal if you write it down

# Monday NPR talk on Happiness (7/24
http://www.npr.org/programs/ted-radio-hour/267185371/simply-happy

Secret of happy - focus one Thing at a time


Track Your Happiness by Matt Killingsworth
https://appsto.re/us/54wSZ.i

Ch 2) Domnio effect (geometric progression of accomplishment)
  - when I say yes to distractions; I am saying NO to my One thing, the one thing that matters the most that makes me the most happiest; since that is my singular focus in life.  Single right thing leads to happiness for being in a zone leads to Happiness.
  
Ch 1) Sad part of the book (if I get distracted this results)
  - Success feel out of reach, ... Over time they lower their expectations, abandon their dreams, and allow their life to get small.  This is very wrong thing to make small.

Commit message:

update usecase of posting goal

README.md, after:

# OneThing
how to achieve my goal
[the OneThing book club]
notes I make as I read thru the content 
- ideas usecases related talk



# Sunday what made me refocus (7/23
- posting my One Thing where very visible to remind me of what my ONE thing is for this month.  this stop me from getting distracted to do side things with small side effects
- What I learned OneThing Podcast:
  - 28% of the day multitasking wasted [According to the British Journal of Health Psychology].  There are distractions everywhere!
  - 225 daily minutes (16% of day) Heavy Phone users use their phone
  - 42% likelyhood of achieve your goals and dreams, simply by writing them down on a regular basis [Dr. Gail Matthews, a psychology professor at the Dominican University in California who studied Art and Science of Goal setting)
  - 3 times more likely to achieve your goal if you write it down

# Monday NPR talk on Happiness (7/24
http://www.npr.org/programs/ted-radio-hour/267185371/simply-happy

Secret of happy - focus one Thing at a time


Track Your Happiness by Matt Killingsworth
https://appsto.re/us/54wSZ.i

Ch 2) Domnio effect (geometric progression of accomplishment)
  - when I say yes to distractions; I am saying NO to my One thing, the one thing that matters the most that makes me the most happiest; since that is my singular focus in life.  Single right thing leads to happiness for being in a zone leads to Happiness.
  
Ch 1) Sad part of the book (if I get distracted this results)
  - Success feel out of reach, ... Over time they lower their expectations, abandon their dreams, and allow their life to get small.  This is very wrong thing to make small.
